In this article, we will give a brief introduction about PyTorch framework and we'll discuss about the 2 main features : `Torch.Tensor` and `autograd`.
 
# 1.1 Introduction to Pytorch


PyTorch is an open source machine learning library based on the Torch library, used for applications such as computer vision and natural language processing.
Torch is an open-source machine learning library, a scientific computing framework, and a script language based on the Lua programming language. It provides a wide range of algorithms for deep learning, and uses the scripting language LuaJIT, and an underlying C implementation. As of 2018, Torch is no longer in active development. PyTorch is primarily developed by Facebook's AI Research lab (FAIR). It is free and open-source software released under the Modified BSD license. Although the Python interface is more polished and the primary focus of development, PyTorch also has a C++ interface.

A number of pieces of Deep Learning software are built on top of PyTorch, including Uber's Pyro, HuggingFace's Transformers, and Catalyst.

PyTorch provides two high-level features:

  - Tensor computing (like NumPy) with strong acceleration via graphics processing units (GPU)
  - Deep neural networks built on a tape-based autodiff system


PyTorch and Torch use C libraries containing all the same performance: TH, THC, THNN, THCUNN, and they will continue to share these libraries.

This answer is very clear, in fact, PyTorch and Torch both use the same bottom layer, but have different upper packaging languages.
You can reuse your favorite Python packages such as NumPy, SciPy and Cython to extend PyTorch when needed.

- [GitHub](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)
- [WebPage](https://pytorch.org/)

<!---
## 1.1.1 Compare PyTorch and Tensorflow
There is no susch thing as what's the best framework, but only which is more  suitable. [This article](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/28636490) has a simple comparison, so I wo n’t go into details here.
And the technology is developed, and the comparison is not absolute. 
For example, Tensorflow introduced the Eager Execution mechanism to implement dynamic graphs in version 1.5, PyTorch visualization, windows support, and tensor flips along the dimension have all been issues. Not a problem.
-->

- PyTorch is a very simple, elegant, efficient and fast framework
- The design pursues the least package, and try to avoid re-creating the wheels
- It has the most elegant object-oriented design in all frameworks, and the design is most in line with people's thinking. It allows users to focus on implementing their own ideas as much as possible.
- Big  support, similar to Google ’s Tensorflow, FAIR support is enough to ensure PyTorch gets continuous development updates
- Good documentation (compared to other FB projects, PyTorch's documentation is almost perfect), a forum personally maintained by PyTorch authors for users to communicate and ask questions
- Easy to get started with machine / deep learning

So if the above information has something that appeals to you, then be sure to finish reading this book :)
